'Peterson won't participate in voluntary OTA's Still wants to be traded By: Mike Krueger | May 24 2015, 11:30 pm  Minnesota Vikings Running back Adrian Peterson will not be in attendance Tuesday at Winter Park when the Vikings begin their first week of voluntary organized team activities. He instead will remain in Texas, according to multiple reports. The first time that Peterson — and the rest of his Vikings teammates — are required to show up at Winter Park is next month’s mandatory minicamp. If he opts to skip those workouts, the Vikings can choose to fine him. (Minneapolis Star Tribune)  FFToday's Take: Other reports suggest that Peterson still wants to be traded and is considering sitting out upcoming mandatory workouts. Peterson remains under contract with the Vikings and is scheduled to make $12.75 million this season. Peterson has skipped voluntary workouts in the past.  Bills wouldn't mind if McCoy led NFL in carries RB coach would like to cut Fred Jackson's 2014 load in half By: Doug Orth | May 21 2015, 5:25 pm  Buffalo Bills LeSean McCoy has led the NFL with 626 carries over the past two years and will be 27 at the start of the season. RB coach Anthony Lynn, though, is confident he can handle a similar workload going forward. “I talk to the guys all the time about Curtis Martin. This guy led the league in rushing his ninth year," Lynn said. “I’d love to see him get that many rushes.” While Lynn would like to see McCoy’s workload stay the same, he’d prefer if Fred Jackson’s was scaled back. Jackson played 548 snaps last season, a number Lynn said he’d like to see cut in half. “I think he wore down a little bit at the end of the season,” Lynn said. “ (Buffalo News)  FFToday's Take: Given the E.J. Manuel/Matt Cassel/Tyrod Taylor quagmire at quarterback, it would probably be best if Buffalo let McCoy carry the ball as often as possible. Jackson is little more than a McCoy handcuff at this point. Lynn also spoke about the need for Bryce Brown, who is away from the team dealing with a personal matter, to return so the Bills' new coaching staff knows what they are working with there. One year after Buffalo traded for him to be its future feature back, Brown is edging closer to the roster bubble.  Andre Johnson primed for huge role with Colts Big things expected from former Texan By: Doug Orth | May 21 2015, 5:00 pm  Indianapolis Colts The Houston Texans were pretty direct with Andre Johnson before parting ways with their all-time great. They wanted him to accept a lesser role, crazy as that might sound for a receiver with seven 1,000-yard seasons. But after watching just a single practice in Indianapolis, it's clear the Colts do not share that opinion. Johnson is not only getting the starter's treatment, he's also showing himself capable of playing a variety of roles. Johnson was featured extensively in the slot on Wednesday, a spot that gives the Colts numerous options in the routes he can run. Johnson showed himself adept at working between the hash marks, and that's an area where the Colts could use some help. (Indianapolis Star)  FFToday's Take: Andrew Luck is by far the best quarterback Johnson has played with in his career, while the threat of T.Y. Hilton and Phillip Dorsett going deep should be enough to open things up underneath. It should come as no surprise if AJ pushes the 100-catch mark once again and/or tops 10 touchdowns for the first time in his career.   Joseph Randle favorite to lead RBBC in Dallas RBBC will limit fantasy upside of Dallas' backfield By: Jake Gordon | May 20 2015, 11:00 pm  Dallas Cowboys Question: It seems to me that there is a growing perception that Joseph Randle is the lead for most carries among the committee of running backs. This seems to be a reasonable assumption based on his one-cut skill set aligning better to the Cowboys running scheme as opposed to the other backs. Would you agree with that assessment? Rainer Sabin: Yes. I agree with that. Plus, he has played more regularly in this particular system and behind this line before. (Dallas Morning News)  FFToday's Take: After a year in which Demarco Murray helped many a fantasy manager win their league title, the Cowboys' backfield has become a risky bet for 2015. Heading into the year, Joseph Randle seemingly has the slight edge to be the most productive runner but the fact remains that there will be plenty of mouths to feed, including free agent signees Darren McFadden and Ryan Williams.   InjuryRaiders QB Carr will not need surgery Should be throwing again by June By: Jake Gordon | May 20 2015, 8:41 pm  Oakland Raiders “It’s a very minor situation,” Tim Younger [Derek Carr's agent] said Wednesday. “I think he’s probably going to be throwing before the end of” offseason team activities. (San Francisco Chronicle)  FFToday's Take: Though Derek Carr's agent has downplayed the injury to his client, the fact remains that Oakland's quarterback is dealing with an injury on his throwing hand and will not be able to contribute on the field in drills as OTAs begin.   Geno Smith the unquestioned starter for Jets No QB controversy for Jets entering 2015 By: Jake Gordon | May 20 2015, 5:43 pm  New York Jets FLORHAM PARK — There will be no Jets quarterback competition this summer: offensive coordinator Chan Gailey on Wednesday said Geno Smith would be the team's starter heading into the regular season. "Right now, Geno's the starter," Gailey said. "Unless something happens—an injury, or something like that, that you don't perceive, that's how we anticipate it going." (NJ.com)  FFToday's Take: Although veteran QB Ryan Fitzpatrick was brought in to be a capable backup, HC Todd Bowles is sticking to his plan by naming Geno Smith his starting quarterback. Geno Smith finished the 2014 regular season averaging a paltry 180 passing yards per game. New OC Chan Gailey will be tasked with getting more out of the Jet's passing game this season.   Mixed reactions regarding new PAT rules Extra points become 33-yard attempts By: Jake Gordon | May 19 2015, 8:00 pm  NFL In an attempt to make point-after-touchdown attempts more exciting, NFL owners voted on Tuesday to move extra-point kicks to the 15-yard line from the 2-yard line, extending the 20-yard extra points to 33-yarders. Two-point conversion attempts will remain at the 2-yard line, but defenses will be allowed to score by blocking a PAT or intercepting a two-point conversion and running it back. (Denver Post)  FFToday's Take: The new PAT distance will be a factor in leagues that subtract points for missed and it adds another scoring opportunity for defense/special teams units. These changes may only factor into a dozen of games but it does give the elite fantasy kickers a little more value heading into the 2015 season.   InjuryQB Derek Carr may need surgery on finger Right ring finger By: Jake Gordon | May 19 2015, 3:00 pm  Oakland Raiders Raiders QB Derek Carr has right ring finger injury that may require surgery. OTAs in question but optimistic about training camp, per source. (Chris Mortensen via Twitter)  FFToday's Take: Regardless of whether the Raiders' quarterback needs surgery this injury shouldn't impact his status for the regular season but will limit his preparation heading into his second season.   49ers DE Justin Smith calls it a career Loss of 14-year vet latest in a series of offseason departures By: Doug Orth | May 18 2015, 8:30 pm  San Francisco Justin Smith, the iron-clad backbone of the 49ers’ standout defense in recent years, retired Monday, citing a familiar culprit when it comes to ending the careers of 30-something linemen: wear and tear. Smith follows ILBs Patrick Willis and Chris Borland, who retired within a week of each other in March. Smith’s announcement represents another major loss for the 49ers, who went to the playoffs from 2011 through 2013 largely because of the stout play by Smith, Willis and the rest of the defensive front seven. (Sacamento Bee)  FFToday's Take: Although Smith never recorded a double-digit sack season, he will go down as one of the league's all-time best "5-techniques" because he was an elite run-stopper who quite frequently tied up two blockers and let players like Aldon Smith rack up huge sack numbers. Although Darnell Dockett and first-rounder Arik Armstead will be in the mix to replace Smith, owners should knock the Niners' defense down another peg after this news.  Buck Allen showing off passing-game chops Fourth-round RB well-suited for Marc Trestman's offense By: Doug Orth | May 18 2015, 4:15 pm  Baltimore Ravens One of the top reasons the Ravens selected rookie RB Javorius Allen in the fourth round of the NFL draft was his ability to catch passes out of the backfield. "We've seen Buck catch passes, we've seen Buck pass protect, so we know he can do it," Ravens coach John Harbaugh said. "He has done it out here and looks very smooth doing it. He's running the ball well. We haven't had any surprises." (Baltimore Sun)  FFToday's Take: Justin Forsett will turn 30 in mid-October, which obviously bodes well for Allen to become the starter at some point before 2017. Even if he merely operates as a change-of-pace back for the next two seasons, the USC product stands a great chance of being flex-worthy in an offense that lacks a significant and/or proven talent at receiver or tight end and a system that loves throwing the ball to its running backs. Allen should be Forsett's primary handcuff immediately and find his way into 5-8 touches per game.  Zimmer pleased with WR Patterson's offseason HC praised third-year wideout's shape and attention to detail By: Doug Orth | May 18 2015, 4:00 pm  Minnesota Vikings “(Cordarrelle Patterson) is doing a good job in this offseason. He has been in better shape coming in, and he is doing a better job of running routes, of competing each and every down. I look forward to him coming on and I’m a big fan of his. We’re just trying to get him to realize all the little intricacies you have to do offensively in the NFL in order to be a great player.” (Minneapolis Star-Tribune)  FFToday's Take: Coming off a highly-disappointing season in 2014, Patterson has been generating a lot of early buzz. He'll need to continue drawing similar praise from HC Mike Zimmer and OC Norv Turner in order to have any shot at earning back a starting job since Charles Johnson and Mike Wallace appear entrenched at the moment. Barring a lights-out training camp or an injury to Johnson or Wallace, Patterson appears destined to be a third receiver in Minnesota in 2015.  InjuryRobert Turbin had offseason hip surgery Likely ready for the beginning of training camp By: Mike Krueger | May 14 2015, 4:00 pm  Seattle Seahawks Seattle Seahawks running back Robert Turbin underwent offseason hip surgery, sources told FOXSports.com. The timetable for Turbin's return to the field is unknown. Turbin is penciled in to share carries with Christine Michael behind Marshawn Lynch in the upcoming season. (Fox Sports)  FFToday's Take: Additional reports indicate Turbin is likely to be ready for training camp and expected to play in 2015. Turbin will continue to fill in behind Lynch and also serve as the running back in Seattle's two-minute drill offense. He's a late-round flier in redraft leagues and will only have significant value if Lynch gets injured.  S. Jackson looking to catch on with playoff team Rebuilding franchise not in running backs' plans By: Mike Krueger | May 14 2015, 7:00 am  NFL "I don't want to go to a team that is rebuilding and needs me to come on and teach guys how to be professional," Steven Jackson said. "I've done that. I want to be part of a winning team because when I do hang up my cleats, I can see a lot of people holding that over my head when a lot of it was out of my control." (ESPN)  FFToday's Take: Jackson hasn't had many takers in free agency thus far and will likely need a camp injury to secure a spot on a contender. Jackson is 31-years old and averaged 3.6 yards per carry during his two seasons in Atlanta.  Chargers RB Melvin Gordon an early R.O.Y. favorite Rookie Of The Year doesn't seem far-fetched for the feature back By: paul maland | May 12 2015, 6:20 pm  San Diego Chargers When selected with the 15th overall pick in the 2015 draft, he quickly became an early favorite to win Rookie of the Year honors. Danny Woodhead will cut into his 3rd down opportunities, but he remains the clear starter. (San Diego Union Tribune)  FFToday's Take: A productive offense with a veteran quarterback and a clear cut starting role makes Gordon a high-upside rookie fantasy pickup. Consider him a low-end RB1/high-end RB2.  NFL DraftBrady gets four-game suspension, deflategate Patriots lose two draft picks inlcuding first-rounder in 2016 By: Mike Krueger | May 11 2015, 5:38 pm  New England Patriots The NFL announced Monday that Tom Brady has been suspended without pay for four games for violating the NFL policy on the integrity of the game. The team will also be fined $1 million and will forfeit a 2016 first-rounder and 2017 fourth-round selection in the NFL Draft. (You can read full NFL statement here.) (NFL.com)  FFToday's Take: The hammer drops. Assuming an appeal doesn't reduce the suspension, Brady will be eligible to play in Week 6 against the Indianapolis Colts as the Patriots have a bye in Week 5. Jimmy Garoppolo will fill in from Brady during the first four games against Pittsburgh, Buffalo, Jacksonville and Dallas.   Patriots sign former Redskins' TE Fred Davis One-year deal By: Mike Krueger | May 11 2015, 7:54 am  New England Patriots Former Redskins franchise TE Fred Davis and New England Patriots have reached agreement on a one-year deal, per source. (Adam Schefter on Twitter)  FFToday's Take: Davis was suspended last season for violating the substance-abuse policy and was reinstated last week. The Patriots already have Scott Chandler and Tim Wright backing up Rob Gronkowski at the position so Davis will have his work cut out for him to even make the team out of training camp.  InjuryBroncos rookie TE suffers torn ACL Expected to miss the 2015 season By: Mike Krueger | May 9 2015, 7:00 pm  Denver Broncos Tight end Jeff Heuerman, the Broncos' third-round pick, suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee during the Saturday afternoon rookie camp practice in the Broncos' fieldhouse. He is expected to miss the entire 2015 season. (DenverBroncos.com)  FFToday's Take: Head coach Gary Kubiak went on to say: “Jeff was going to be a big part of our team this year and he’s still going to be a big part of our team & organization in the future.” Owen Daniels and Virgil Green are currently atop the tight end depth chart in Denver.  NFL DraftWho is the Eagles No.1 wide receiver? Nelson Agholor won't claim the throne, just yet By: Mike Krueger | May 9 2015, 8:00 am  Philadelphia Eagles Maclin is gone and the Eagles don't appear to have a No. 1 wide receiver waiting in the wings - although a case could be made for Jordan Matthews. More than likely, the numbers will be divvied up among a group that will include more than just receivers. Nelson Agholor is polished, he's fast, he's versatile, and he's smart. (Philly.com)  FFToday's Take: With Maclin now in KC, there's a big opportunity for Agholor to make an immediate impact, even though he won't acknowledge it just yet. He'll likely play most of his snapd in the slot during his first season, as did Jordan Mathews last year. Mathews finished the season with a 67-872-8 line, checking in as fantasy's No.24 wide receiver. Agholor has WR2 upside in redraft leagues.   Goodell's decision on Brady expected next week Patriots QB expected to be suspended over DeflateGate By: Mike Krueger | May 8 2015, 7:45 pm  New England Patriots Roger Goodell's decision is expected to be announced next week and it is no longer a matter of if the NFL commissioner will suspend Tom Brady, but for how long he will suspend him. The feeling is the Wells Report supplied Goodell with enough ammunition to suspend Brady both for breaking the rules by ordering the deflation of footballs and by not cooperating with the investigation when he refused to turn over his cell phone to Wells’ investigators. (New York Daily News)  FFToday's Take: Speculation ranges anywhere from two games to a more lengthy suspension of 6-8 games. The Patriots face the Steelers on the opening Thursday night of season, then face Buffalo and Jacksonvile before travelling to Dallas in Week 5 to face the Cowboys on Sunday night. Brady's fantasy value, along with the fantasy value TE Rob Gronkowski and WR Julian Edelman are on hold.  InjuryDante Fowler out for the season with torn ACL Jaguars rookie suffers injury one hour into minicamp By: Mike Krueger | May 8 2015, 5:00 pm  Jacksonville Jaguars Jaguars rookie Dante Fowler Jr., the No. 3 pick in the 2015 draft, tore his ACL on Friday when he went down less than an hour into the first day of rookie minicamp, the team announced. Fowler is expected to miss the entire 2015 season. (ESPN)  FFToday's Take: Brutal. A difficult way to begin your NFL career and a difficult day for the entire Jaguars organization. Fowler didn't sign his rookie deal yet, but he did sign a waiver which guarantees the Jaguars will negotiate in good faith as if the injury did not occur. Chris Clemons, Andre Branch and Chris Smith are candidates to fill Fowler's edge-rushing spot.  TE Fred Davis reinstated after year suspension 29-year-old free to sign with any team By: Mike Krueger | May 7 2015, 8:15 am  Washington Redskins Former Washington tight end Fred Davis, suspended indefinitely by the NFL in February 2014 under the substance-abuse policy, has been reinstated, PFT’s Mike Florio reports. The 29-year-old Davis is immediately free to sign with clubs. (ProFootballTalk)  FFToday's Take: Davis suffered an Achilles injury in 2012 and only caught seven passes in 2013. Tight end needy teams included Arizona, Buffalo, Atlanta and Cleveland to name a few. Davis was arrested for DUI in 2014.  NFL DraftDid the Colts draft T.Y. Hilton's replacement? Phillip Dorsett has speed to burn By: Mike Krueger | May 7 2015, 8:00 am  Indianapolis Colts Competition in the Indianapolis Colts' wide receivers' room thickened last Thursday when the team used its first-round pick on one of its deepest positions. Suffice to say when Phillip Dorsett's name was called, many were surprised. Coming off the best season of his three-year career, T.Y. Hilton is entering the last year of his rookie contract. To be sure, a big payday awaits one of the league's most talented young wideouts. Whether or not that comes with the Colts remains to be seen. (Indianapolis Star)  FFToday's Take: With a logjam at receiver, it's unlikely the rookie Dorsett will make a big impact this season but if the Colts decided to let Hilton walk after 2015, Dorsett's value would be on the rise. "There's nothing I can do about that," Hilton said Wednesday of last week's draft pick. "That's who they picked. That's cool with me."  DeflateGate: NFL considering discipline for Brady Ted Wells releases report on Deflategate By: Mike Krueger | May 6 2015, 2:00 pm  New England Patriots The NFL has found that it is probable that New England Patriots personnel deliberately deflated balls during the AFC Championship Game in January and that quarterback Tom Brady was "generally aware" of what was happening. "It is more probable than not that New England Patriots personnel participated in violations of the Playing Rules and were involved in a deliberate effort to circumvent the rules," the report said. (ESPN)  FFToday's Take: ESPN went on to say that the NFL is considering discipline for Brady and the two equipment personnel directly involved and that discipline is "days" away. Head coach Bill Belichick had no part in deflating the footballs according to the report   TE John Carlson calls it a career Seven-year veteran had a history of concussions By: Mike Krueger | May 5 2015, 1:20 pm  Arizona Cardinals Tight end leaves the game after one season in Arizona and seven NFL seasons. John Carlson signed as a free agent before the 2014 season. It’s the second straight year the Cardinals have lost a tight end to retirement. Last year in the middle of training camp, Jake Ballard, whose knees could no longer take the pounding of the game, called it a career. (ArizonaCardinals.com)  FFToday's Take: With Carlson's retirement, Troy Niklas becomes the favorite to lead the team in receiving from the tight end position with Darren Fells filling a secondary role. However, the Cardinals don't feature the tight end in their offense and as a result, Niklas will have very little fantasy value in 2015.   Raiders expected to release James Jones Veteran spent one year in Oakland By: Mike Krueger | May 4 2015, 7:00 am  Oakland Raiders Veteran receiver James Jones is being released by the Raiders. The San Jose native received a phone call from general manager Reggie McKenzie on Sunday evening informing him of the news. Jones confirmed this information to CSN reporter Fallon Smith via text message. Jones had 73 recpetions for 666 yards and six touchdowns in 2014, in what will be his only season as a Raider. (CSNBayarea)  FFToday's Take: The addition of rookie Amari Cooper and the signing of Michael Crabtree have left Jones expendable. Jones has never topped 900 yards in his career but did score 14 TDs in 2012 while in Green Bay, finishing 16th among receivers in fantasy points. Cooper, Crabtree, Rod Streater and Andre Holmes sit atop the receiver depth chart in Oakland.  NFL DraftEagles made substantial offer for No.1 pick QB Sam Bradford and 1st pick in 2016 were offered By: Mike Krueger | May 1 2015, 9:00 am  Philadelphia Eagles Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the Eagles offered the following to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for the first pick in the draft: the 20th pick in this year’s draft; Philly’s first-round pick in 2016; quarterback Sam Bradford; and another player on the roster. (ProFootballTalk)  FFToday's Take: Chip Kelly's interest in Marcus Mariota was widely reported and speculated on over the last couple months and it's likely a similar package was offered to the Titans for the No.2 pick. The Eagles now have to find a way to kiss and makeup with Sam Bradford who's likely going to be their quarterback in 2015.  NFL DraftZac Stacy wants out of St. Louis Drafting of Gurley doesn't sit well with Rams' RB By: Mike Krueger | May 1 2015, 7:00 am  St. Louis Rams After reports surfaced (via ESPN) that running back Zac Stacy wants out in the wake of the Todd Gurley selection, the Rams will meet with Stacy’s representatives on Friday. The arrival of Gurley pushes Stacy back to fourth string, and the team likes Trey Watts, an undrafted rookie last season out of Tulsa. (St. Louis Post-Dispatch)  FFToday's Take: Stacy posted a respectable 973 yards and 7 TDs in his rookie season (2013) but struggled last season and wasn't even a factor over the second half of 2014 as Tre Mason became the featured back. The Rams would do well to acquire a late-round draft pick for Stacy's services.  NFL DraftRB Todd Gurley goes to St. Louis at No. 10 The drafts most powerful rusher heads to the Rams By: Mike Krueger | Apr 30 2015, 9:25 pm  St. Louis Rams The St. Louis Rams have made Todd Gurley the first running back in recent history to be drafted in the first round. With the tenth overall pick, they gain a hard nosed rusher who will provide an instant starter if healthy. (2015 NFL Draft)  FFToday's Take: If healthy, Gurley has a chance to become an instant producer as Jeff Fisher's workhorse. With Zac Stacy and Isaiah Pead underwhelming, only Tre Mason stands in his way of fantasy starter material.  NFL DraftBears use 7th overall pick on WR Kevin White A loaded Bears receiving corps is joined by the speedy wideout By: Mike Krueger | Apr 30 2015, 9:15 pm  Chicgao Bears The Bears used the seventh overall selection on wide receiver Kevin White from West Virginia. At 6'3" and running a 4.35 40 yard dash time, he will be an instant impact player. His size and speed ratio makes him a nightmare for smaller corners. (2015 NFL Draft)  FFToday's Take: In fantasy terms, he projects as a high upside rookie. With the departure of Brandon Marshall, there will be plenty of balls to go around in this pass happy offense.   NFL DraftPhilip Rivers trade rumors are dying Chargers not expected to move up for Mariota By: Mike Krueger | Apr 30 2015, 9:00 am  San Diego Chargers The door on what would have been the biggest draft-day deal in Chargers history looks to be closed. And it's because Philip Rivers' championship window is still open. Barring a Bruce-Willis-is-dead-like plot twist, former Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota will not be moving to San Diego. (San Diego Union Tribune)  FFToday's Take: There's been speculation over the last few weeks that the Chargers might move Rivers to the Titans in exchange for Tennessee's No.2 overall pick. It's been reported in recent days that the Chargers are attempting to sign Rivers to a contract extension. If a deal is going to be made for Tennessee's No.2 pick, it's likely to come from Cleveland or Philadelphia.  NFL DraftBears listening to trade offers for TE Bennett Bennett wants a new contract By: Mike Krueger | Apr 29 2015, 1:09 pm  Chicgao Bears Bears entertaining trade offers for Pro Bowl TE Martellus Bennett, per league sources. Bennett wants a new contract in Chicago or anywhere. (Adam Schefter on Twitter)  FFToday's Take: Bennett is coming of a career season (90-916-6) and finished second in targets (128) behind only Rob Gronkowski. New head coach John Fox understands Bennett's plus receiving skills but may not be enamored with his below-average blocking. Still, with Brandon Marshall now in New York, the Bears wouldn't likely pull the trigger unless they're very satisfied with the compensation.  NFL DraftBrowns and Titans discussing trade options? NFL Draft rumors heating up By: Mike Krueger | Apr 29 2015, 1:05 pm  Cleveland Browns The Cleveland Browns have discussed trading with the Tennessee Titans to move up to the second spot in the NFL draft so the Browns can take quarterback Marcus Mariota, a source familiar with the discussions said Wednesday. The Browns, according to the source, made an offer to the Titans that includes the team's two first-round picks -- 12th and 19th overall. (ESPN)  FFToday's Take: The Browns have drafted a quarterback in the first round in two out of the last three years (2012-Brandon Weeden; 2014-Johnny Manziel) and are obviously still searching for a stable player at the position. Conflicting reports from Tennessee say that no offer has been made. Expect more rumors based in fact and smokescreens to surface before the NFL Draft kicks off tomorrow.   Chris Polk joins Texans backfield Eagles rescind restricted free agent offer By: Mike Krueger | Apr 28 2015, 6:00 pm  Houston Texans The Texans signed veteran running back Chris Polk on Tuesday. Polk, 25, was a restricted free agent who didn’t sign his tender with Philadelphia, and it was rescinded, making him an unrestricted free agent. (Houston Chronicle)  FFToday's Take: Polk played sparingly last season for the Eagles totaling 46 attempts for 172 yards. He did see action inside the redzone, scoring four TDs but wasn't fantasy relevant. Polk joins Alfred Blue and Jonathan Grimes as backups to Arian Foster. We'll wait and see if Houston decides to add a running back in the upcoming draft.   Vikings GM speaks firmly on Peterson rumors "We have no interest in trading Adrian Peterson" By: Mike Krueger | Apr 28 2015, 1:53 pm  Minnesota Vikings "We can just end the Adrian Peterson stuff. Our position has not changed...we have no interest in trading Adrian Peterson." Rick Spielman (Vikings on Twitter)  FFToday's Take: The Vikings have held this stance for the entirety of the off-season and they don't appear to be budging. Peterson has made it clear he'd like to leave Minnesota but unless the Vikings are blown away with a trade offer this week, it's likely the talented running back will remain in a Vikings uniform.   NFL DraftBroncos eyeing a quarterback on Day 2? Likely to take OL in Round 1 By: Mike Krueger | Apr 27 2015, 11:00 pm  Denver Broncos It's a virtual certainty the Broncos will take one (quarterback) with one of their 10 draft picks. In fact, they must. Peyton Manning is 39 years old and he's returning to play for his 18th season. Although Manning has one more year, the 2016 season, left on his contract, this may be it. Osweiler is a fourth-year quarterback in the fourth year of his contract. That means he, too, may not be here next season. (NBC Denver)  FFToday's Take: The Broncos are likely to pick an offensive lineman with the No.28 overall selection but a quarterback prospect should be on their radar on Day 2 or 3. Garrett Grayson, Brett Hundley and Bryce Petty are the top QB prospects after Winston and Mariota.  NFL DraftEdge-rusher Shane Ray cited for pot Misdemeanor charge, court date set for June 30 By: Mike Krueger | Apr 27 2015, 7:38 pm  NFL SCOOP: Shane Ray cited for possession of marijuana this morning in Cooper County. Ray faces a misdemeanor charge and is to appear in court on June 30. (Brandon Kiley on Twitter)  FFToday's Take: Yikes. Three days before the draft isn't a good time to be busted for pot. Once thought to be a top-ten pick, concerns over Ray's foot injury had cooled his draft momentum. This latest episode won't help matters and may cause Ray to slide into Day 2 of the draft.  Redskins exercise QB RGIII's fifth-year option  Team still undecided about long-term future By: Mike Krueger | Apr 27 2015, 3:45 pm  Washington Redskins The Redskins have opted to use the fifth-year option on struggling QB Robert Griffin III. Pegged as the tentative starter for the upcoming 2015 season, he is set to make $7 million in 2015 and $16 million in 2016. (Albert Breer on Twitter)  FFToday's Take: If the Redskins can find a way to replicate his 2012 rookie success, RGIII could hold immense fantasy value. However, with recent injuries and coaching criticism, his current fantasy value is slim to none.  Titans sign Hakeem Nicks One-year deal By: Mike Krueger | Apr 24 2015, 2:00 pm  Tennessee Titans The receiver-needy Tennessee Titans have added veteran Hakeem Nicks on a one-year deal, the team announced Friday. Nicks joins a group that includes Kendall Wright, Justin Hunter and Harry Douglas. (ESPN)  FFToday's Take: Nicks filled the No.4 receiver role with the Colts last season and finished with 405 yards and 4 TDs, his worst season as a pro. He's likely going to find himself in a similar role in Tennessee behind Wright and Hunter. He's nothing more than a dart throw in the late rounds of your fantasy draft.  Dolphins sign WR Greg Jennings Two-year deal By: Mike Krueger | Apr 22 2015, 6:10 pm  Miami Dolphins NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported Wednesday that Greg Jennings will sign a two-year, $8 million deal with the Dolphins, according to a source informed of the deal. (NFL.com)  FFToday's Take: The Dolphins have overhauled their receiving corps, getting rid of Mike Wallace, Brian Hartline and Brandon Gibson while bringing in Kenny Stills, TE Jordan Cameron and now Jennings. Jennings is familiar with head coach Joe Philbin from their time in Green Bay and should serve as the No.3 receiver in the Dolphins offense behind Landry and Stills. He's in the WR4-5 range for redraft leagues.  InjuryColts' RB expected to be ready for training camp Vic Ballard coming off Achilles injury By: Mike Krueger | Apr 22 2015, 6:00 pm  Indianapolis Colts Vick Ballard talked to reporters Wednesday for the first time since tearing his Achilles in training camp last season. He says he'll be ready for training camp. (Colts.com)  FFToday's Take: Ballard said today that he dealt with Achilles pain during his rookie season in 2012 and this will be his first season he an play without pain since college. Frank Gore and Dan Herron currently sit above him on the depth chart but Ballard is someone to keep your eye on in the preseason.'